--- HOMEPAGE (https://www.anthropic.com/) ---
Home \ Anthropic Skip to main content Skip to footer Research Economic Futures Commitments Initiatives Claude's Constitution Transparency Responsible Scaling Policy Trust center Security and compliance Learn Learn Anthropic Academy Tutorials Use cases Engineering at Anthropic Developer docs Company About Careers Events News Try Claude Try Claude Try Claude Learn more about Claude Products Claude Claude Code Claude Cowork Claude Security Claude Platform Pricing Contact sales Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Log in Claude.ai Claude Console EN This is some text inside of a div block. Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Download app Download app Download app Research Economic Futures Commitments Initiatives Claude's Constitution Transparency Responsible Scaling Policy Trust center Security and compliance Learn Learn Anthropic Academy Tutorials Use cases Engineering at Anthropic Developer docs Company About Careers Events News Try Claude Try Claude Try Claude Learn more about Claude Products Claude Claude Code Claude Cowork Claude Security Claude Platform Pricing Contact sales Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Log in Claude.ai Claude Console EN This is some text inside of a div block. Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Download app Download app Download app AI research and products that put safety at the frontier AI will have a vast impact on the world. Anthropic is a public benefit corporation dedicated to securing its benefits and mitigating its risks. Project Glasswing Securing critical software for the AI era Continue reading Read the story Read the story Latest releases Claude Opus 4.7 Introducing a smarter, more capable Opus for coding, agents, vision, and complex professional work. Model details Model details Model details Date April 16, 2026 Category Announcements Read announcement Read announcement Read announcement Claude is a space to think No ads. No sponsored content. Just genuinely helpful conversations. Date February 4, 2026 Category Announcements Read the post Read the post Read the post Claude on Mars The first AI-assisted drive on another planet. Claude helped NASA’s Perseverance rover travel four hundred meters on Mars. Date January 30, 2026 Category Announcements Read the story Read the story Read the story At Anthropic, we build AI to serve humanity’s long-term well-being. ‍ Core views on AI safety Announcements Anthropic’s Responsible Scaling Policy Alignment Science Anthropic Academy: Build and Learn with Claude Education An

--- PRIVACY PAGE (https://www.anthropic.com/legal/privacy) ---
Privacy Policy \ Anthropic Skip to main content Skip to footer Research Economic Futures Commitments Learn News Try Claude Privacy Policy Effective January 12, 2026 Previous Version English Anthropic is an AI safety and research company working to build reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and process your personal data when you use our website and other places where Anthropic acts as a data controller —for example, when you interact with Claude.ai or other products as a consumer for personal use (" Services ") or when Anthropic operates and provides our commercial customers and their end users with access to our commercial products, such as the Claude Team plan (“ Commercial Services ”). This Privacy Policy does not apply where Anthropic acts as a data processor and processes personal data on behalf of commercial customers using Anthropic’s Commercial Services – for example, your employer has provisioned you a Claude for Work account, or you're using an app that is powered on the back-end with Claude. In those cases, the commercial customer is the controller, and you can review their policies for more information about how they handle your personal data. Please see our Non-User Privacy Policy for information on how our large language models are ‘trained’ and how personal data obtained from third party sources, including where others may submit personal data when using our services, may be used when developing or delivering our products and services. This Privacy Policy also describes your privacy rights. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in Section 4 (“Rights and Choices”). If you are located in Canada, Brazil, or the Republic of Korea, please read the relevant Regional Supplemental Disclosure which applies to you. If you are located in Washington or a state with similar consumer health data laws, please read our Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy which applies to you if you integrate third party health applications with Claude. 1. Collection of Personal Data We collect the following categories of personal data: Personal data you provide to us directly Identity and Contact Data: Anthropic collects identifiers, including your name, email address, and phone number when you sign up for an Anthropic account, or to receive information on our Services. We may also collect or generate indirect identifiers (e.g., “USER12345”). Payment Information: We 